Reconstruction of the sentence for deleted files (#5093)
nextcloud/documentation: user_manual/files/deleted_file_management.rst

``trashbin_retention_obligation`` value will be deleted permanently.
Additionally, Nextcloud calculates the maximum available space every time a new
file is added. If the deleted files exceed the new maximum allowed space

> Nextcloud will permanently delete old removed files which will expire until the
> limit is met once again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nextcloud will permanently delete those trashed files with the soonest expiration until the
space limit is met again.
```

Author: The changes have been made. Please approval. Thanks 😉.

.. note:: Your administrator may have configured the trash bin retention period 

>    to override the storage space management. See `admin documentation <https://docs.nextcloud.com/server/latest/admin_manual/configuration_server/config_sample_php_parameters.html#deleted-items-trash-bin>`_ for more details.

Reviewer: What am I missing here? I just can't find the change.

Author: There are no changes here. The sentence was shifted on the line of code because the previous sentence was extended by one line more.
